Update boolean doc2 (#406)
primeqa/primeqa: primeqa/boolqa/README.md

        "id_key": "example_id",
        "sentence1_key": "question",
        "sentence2_key": null,
        "label_list": ["boolean", "other"],
        "output_label_prefix": "question_type",
        "overwrite_cache": true,
        "use_auth_token": true,

>         "model_name_or_path": "PrimeQA/tydi-tydi_boolean_question_classifier-xlmr_large-20221117"

Reviewer: Should the model name be changed to just have tydi in it once?

file output by the previous step.  The details of this process are analyzed in this jupyter [notebook](https://github.com/primeqa/primeqa/blob/main/notebooks/boolqa/evc.ipynb).

```shell
python primeqa/text_classification/run_nway_classifier.py \
    --overwrite_cache  \
    --example_id_key example_id \
    --do_mrc_pipeline \
    --sentence1_key question \
    --sentence2_key passage_answer_text \
    --label_list no yes \
    --output_label_prefix boolean_answer \
    --model_name_or_path PrimeQA/tydi-tydi_boolean_answer_classifier-xlmr_large-20221117 \
    --test_file ${BASE}/qtc/predictions.json \
    --output_dir ${BASE}/evc \
    --use_auth_token
```

## Score normalization

Span scores may have different dynamic ranges according as whether the question is boolean or short_anwer. Normalize them uniformally to `[0,1]`.
and output a file suitable for the TyDiQA evaluation script.

> Warning: Because the score normalizer was developed for a leaderboard submission with hidden test set,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Warning: The score normalizer was developed for a leaderboard submission with a hidden test set.

```

> the score normalizer component was trained on system output on half of the dev set.  As a result the full dev set results are contaminated.  The fair evalutation of the submission is on the leaderboard itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, the score normalizer component was trained on system output on half of the dev set.  As a result the full dev set results are contaminated.  The fair evaluation of the submission is on the leaderboard itself.

```

Add link to leaderboard here?
